hi guys welcome back I've been away for
a while but now i'm back and i will be
making a quinoa tabouli today it's
actually been requested by one of my
subscribers who is a begin and I
actually make this dish all the time
it's one of my favorites and i thought i
should share it with you guys so i hope
you enjoy it okay let's get started the
first thing we should do is cook the
quinoa and let's come over and do it so
we have a about a cup of water boiling
Dara we can add about a couple pinches
of salt and this is half a cup of quinoa
just dump that in just come to a boil
which is like about 30 seconds and then
cover the pot and lower it and let it
cook for about 15 minutes the key wash
should already be ready let's shut up on
it
yeah like it's ready at this point we
should pull off it with a fork and put
some olive oil on it so they don't stick
hey looks good the quinoa it has no
flavor at all so what I like to do is
flavor it with some dried mint this is a
little bit of dry mint it adds a really
good flavor to this mmm smell it already
put some more
this is definitely optional if you don't
like men do you don't have to add this
okay that's good I'm going to put it in
the shallow dish so that it'll pull down
and at any time chop up some means well
it is cools down ok so we're going to
put some parsley a little bit of
cilantro some green onions a half of a
cucumber tomatoes of course ok you want
to finely chopped all these greens and
everything in this
this is a little bit of cilantro now
we're gonna chop the green onions
and the tomato
this knife is so sharp
and when you tap this
you have to season the salad we're going
to put olive oil salt and a half of a
lemon
and the other half of the lemon is going
to go on top of this
okay now we can pour this over the
quinoa and let all the juices absorb
into the quinoa and I like to put a lock
on top just looks really good and it
tastes good
there you have it guys this was my
version of a quinoa tabouli the best way
to eat this is refrigerate this for
about an hour and let all the juices
soak into the quinoa or you can just eat
it right away if you can't wait I hope
you enjoy this video I will be posting a
lot more videos so stay tuned